Student Storage  Readme


Welcome to your student storage share.  This document contains important 
information about using your UStoreFiles directory. Please read the document 
thoroughly before making any changes, adding files or deleting files.

Dot files – As you view the contents of your folder, you may see files preceded
by a period (.). All UStoreFiles shares are hosted on a central Linux based 
cluster.  This directory is also home to your NetID.myweb.usf.edu website, and 
it is your home directory for the CIRCE computational cluster (see below).  The
dot files contain settings for your account on the host cluster. Please DO 
NOT DELETE OR ALTER THESE FILES, doing so could lead to problems on your 
website or problems accessing your files.

Myweb.usf.edu – Every student at usf can have a website with the URL , 
studentNetID.myweb.usf.edu.  The public_html folder in your UStoreFiles folder 
is where the files for this website should be placed.  Please be careful to 
only put files in the public_html folder that you want to have viewable via 
the internet.  Deleting the public_html folder will delete your myweb.usf.edu 
website.

CIRCE.usf.edu – Research Computing operates a high performance computing cluster
in support of research at USF.  To enable all students to have a central 
location for storing important documents the home directory for users for CIRCE 
is the same as their UstoreFiles folder.  If you are not a CIRCE user this will 
not matter, but if you are please realize that these shares are the same and 
any changes you make in one you make to the other.


Thank you for using the UStoreFiles service.

More information on using this service can be found at:
For using UStoreFiles from many USF Tampa campus computer labs
http://www.it.usf.edu/services/labs/openuse

From apps.usf.edu
http://apps.usf.edu


From your home computer
http://usfsupport.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/3417


This universal storage is made possible by the USF Technology Fee.  

